see another us reassurance to Israel
this time face to face we're here we're
not going anywhere US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands
firmly a show of solidarity between two
countries whose Alliance and friendship
goes beyond
politics building on his Jewish Heritage
and referencing bipartisan supports for
Israel blink had this message you may be
strong enough on your own to defend
yourself but as long as America exists
you will never ever have to we will
always be there by your side to theer
standing together in unity Benjamin
Netanyahu welcomed the US's help Mr
secretary your visit is another tangible
example of America's unequivocal support
for
Israel Hamas has shown itself to be an
enemy of
civilization US citizens and other
foreign Nationals were among those
killed or captured during the attack on
Israel by Hamas fighters on
Saturday intelligence and Military
Support from the US arrived on Wednesday
in the form of the world's largest
aircraft carrier fighter jet and other
military
aid blinken's visit in the formation of
a so-called War cabinet under an
emergency Unity government is supported
nationally in
Israel the United Nations and other
nations though are urgently calling on
the country to allow safe passage for
people to leave
Gaza but for now they have no way out as
Israel continues its
bombing s AL jazer West
Jerusalem while you're watching Al jazer
and our continuing coverage of the Gaza
Israel war will have all the days
development